# Ekyllier Discord Rules

Rules currently cloned from "Vaush's Praxis Emporium". Appropriate amendments and adjustments to be made in the near future.
Common-sense when interpreting the current set of rules is expected for the mean time.
1) **Discord ToS and Community Guidelines must be adhered to at all times.** Specifically, calls to violence are prohibited. This includes the glorification, celebration, promotion, and strategizing of violent action. If a moderator informs you that you are breaking this rule, please stop and do not repeat that behavior in the future.
2) **No forms of discrimination.** This includes, but is not limited to: racism, sexism, ableism, transphobia, fatphobia, Islamophobia and homophobia. Please be conscious that other forms of discrimination exist and try not to engage in them.
3) **No harassment towards other users.** Debates and arguments may become heated, but all should remain respectful of other users. In no circumstances should any members feel they are being bullied, stalked, or unfairly targeted. If you feel someone is harassing you please DM highyena or Cath Dorth and either will handle the situation privately.
4) **The use of slurs is banned.** In cases of quotation, please use appropriate reference words such as “f-word,” or “n-word”. And yes this counts the r slur and the t slur.
5) **No text, image, emote or audio spam, and trolling.** Yes, this applies to voice channels. Do not mic spam or intentionally create noise to annoy other members. Repeated audio misbehavior will get you the Muted role and you will no longer be allowed in the VCs.
6) **Self-promotion must remain in the appropriate channel.** The #shill-posting channel is a place for users to share their own SFW content, be it a YouTube video, Twitch channel, or a blog. Alternatively, you may find the #art or #music channels are more relevant for your content. Feel free to post as appropriate in those channels but do not spam others asking for exposure. If you would like to advertise another leftie Discord, contact the moderators.
7) **NSFL text, media, and links are strictly prohibited.** This includes, but is not limited to: gore, graphic descriptions of violence, death imagery, and bodily fluids. This warrants an immediate and permanent ban.
8) **NSFW discussions, memes, and content must remain in the NSFW channel.** This includes anything that has adult themes - regardless of the sensitivity in the discussion. If you would like access to the NSFW channels, follow the rules outlined in the #nsfw-request channel and a moderator will review your request.
9) **Do not encourage raiding.** This warrants an immediate and permanent ban. This includes, but is not limited to, Discord servers and other online accounts/pages/forums.
10) **Do not argue with moderators during serious engagements.** If you feel you were unfairly warned follow the procedure outlined in ‘Contacting an Admin’.
11) **Do not intentionally circumvent moderator action.** This includes making alt accounts to rejoin after being banned, leaving and rejoining the server to get roles off, and moderator shopping. Moderator shopping is explained in the Google doc.
